---
layout: post
title: "My First Entry"
date: 2025-03-20
---

## Why Share?
On some level, it seems presumptuous to assume that my thoughts would be interesting to other people. In college, I said that to a friend about facebook. *Why should I post anything? As if people even care.*

My friend said that I was being silly. She said that of course other people read everyone else's updates. They want to know what everyone else is doing, even if they don't like or comment.   

Then, I suppose it is my own desire for privacy that has prevented me from sharing much during my life. However, I am also a spiritual person. In most of the spiritual teachings I have read, they say that we are meant to guide each other. 

Personally, attending various 12 step fellowships has shown me how helpful it is to hear the stories of other people going through similar life struggles.  

---
## Why This Blog?
I want to write somewhere other than Medium because Medium is, in my opinion, a place ideal for more polished pieces. 

This website/vault can be more of a scratchpad or perhaps an exploratory "playground." A place for rumination without too much polishing or over-editing. A place where I have left breadcrumbs, or perhaps puzzle pieces, that can be raw material for future, more formal work. 

---
## Why Post on Medium?
I have asked myself why I wanted to write and publish on Medium in the first place. I have been pondering my relationship with words, with books, etc. 

Ever since I first started writing in a diary journal when I was maybe 8-10 years old, I always felt like I had more to write than I had the time or energy to put down. This was via writing by hand primarily. But even once I started writing via a computer, I was overwhelmed by how many words seemed to be pouring out of me. 

All of my life, it seems, people have told me that I should be a writer. However, I am still working on what that really means for me and for my life. 

I saw a [post](https://blog.medium.com/the-10-year-old-medium-story-that-turned-into-a-book-deal-47fc0cdff7f3) on the Medium blog called "The 10-year-old Medium story that turned into a book deal: A reminder that you never know who’s reading your work on Medium."

On the surface of it, this sounds like an engaging and uplifting story. A story of the hope of being discovered. The hope of being proclaimed by the publishing world as Someone with "Something Important to Say" in the eyes of society.

The underlying message of such an article is that a "nobody" writer who publishes on Medium can be plucked up like a rough diamond. Once discovered, she can be polished and prettied up by corporate American institutions and suddenly become a valuable asset who is worthy of adoration. I 

---

My Domestika Plus account credits expire next month so I found 12 courses to purchase, compiled from earlier lists.

### Art 
Illustrated Pattern Design
by Ana Sanfelippo

Illustration for Patterns with Soul
by Catalina Estrada Uribe

### Writing
Introduction to Writing Science Fiction and Fantasy course 
by Andrea Chapela

Writing Exercises: From the Blank Page to Everyday Practice.  
by Aniko VillalbaWriting

Reading for writing
by Maria José Castaño Dávila

Food Memory Journal: Document Flavors and Recipes
by Sumayya Usmani

Travel Stories & Digital Writing
by Paola Miglio Rossi

### Tech
UI Design: Create a website in Figma. Design, Web, and App Design course 
by Laura Knoops

Designing with Python: Programming for a Visual Context
by Alexandre B A Villares

Introduction to AI with Python
by Rodrigo Montemayor

### Other
Introduction to Feng Shui
by Cliff Tan

Introduction to Music Production
by Nicolas Astegiano

---
## Daily Recovery Readings
https://www.recoveryreadings.com/dailyrecoveryreadingsMarch20.html

As Bill Sees It  
Whose Responsibility?, p. 79  
  
"An A.A. group, as such, ==cannot take on all the personal problems of  
its members, let alone those of nonalcoholics in the world around us.==  
The A.A. group is not, for example, a mediator of domestic relations,  
nor does it furnish personal financial aid to anyone.  
  
"Though a member may sometimes be helped in such matters by his  
friends in A.A., ==the primary responsibility for the solutions of all his  
problems of living and growing rests squarely upon the individual  
himself. Should an A.A. group attempt this sort of help, its  
effectiveness and energies would be hopelessly dissipated.  ==
  
"This is why sobriety--freedom from alcohol--through the teaching  
and practice of A.A.'s Twelve Steps, is the sole purpose of the group.  
==If we don't stick to this cardinal principle, we shall almost certainly  
collapse. And if we collapse we cannot help anyone.=="  
  
Letter, 1966

Separation of Tasks (Adler) + Codependency Recovery

---
## Sports

Briefly watched some Professional Bowling today on Fox Sports. The Chameleon Championship, won by a guy from Malaysia - Tun Hakim. I didn't see any women competing. Maybe on a different day?

There was also discussion of Scorpion, Shark, etc. I had to look it up. Each of these is apparently a pattern of how they oil the lane to make it more difficult.
